1 billion Yes, Boss Zhou, it's coming soon.
No, really.
Just tell me what we do
Welcome!
Ouch hello
Boss Zhu, are you here?
It really makes our Shanshui Village grow Ganoderma lucidum?
Hahaha Village Chief Zhao is serious
We implant the body
How about a cooperative investment project?
Let's talk, come, come, sit down
You go and buy a good tea
Boss Zhou this time
What project do you want to invest in our village?
Uh, I see Shanshui Village
Beautiful scenery
It is very suitable for building a supporting resort
But listen
Zhao Cun's great idea
Let's communicate first
So I came here to talk to Village Chief Zhao
This boss, you come to Shanshui Village to invest
As the village chief, I must be fully supportive
But what?
The resort project you mentioned?
A few bosses had talked to me before
It's hard for me too.
So?
We have to see who is more sincere, right?
Hahaha, I understand what Village Chief Zhao means.
This box is 500,000 as 5 people
I call you Village Chief Zhao. What about you?
How embarrassing is that?
Do you mean it?
Is it still a bit short?
Haha, Village Chief Zhao, don't worry.
We are serious about honest housing.
I have made a reservation.
The best hotel room in the city
Today, I have all the expenses of Village Chief Zhao
Chairperson oops
Boss Zhou, look at hahaha, your sincerity
It's so tempting.
Boss haha
The guy you were talking to
I'm ripe, hahaha.
Humph old guy
Just enjoy this last meal